Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V..."
You arrest
the small fry.
Yes, sir!
Take it easy!
Let's talk this out first!
We don't wanna
make any trouble!
You already have.
We're taking the whole lot
o' you Commons in
for trespassing
into Tops Villa Area.
But we just got here!
Then we'll give
you newcomers
a free tour
of the detention center.
You're gonna love
The Facility.
(grunting)
I guess I have no choice!
Let's duel!
Marksman Heiji... attack!
(yelping)
Surrender while you can
and maybe we won't throw
the whole book at you.
Sorry, but that isn't
part of the plan.
I Fusion Summon!
Lunalight Cat Dancer!
Fusion...
Interesting.
Send additional security units
to Sector D‐8.
(Jean‐Michel Roger)
Who are these duelists?
They use Action Cards
and Fusion Summon...
and what is this Pendulum thing?
(menacing chuckle)
(strange rumbling)
(man)
Leave these
people alone!
Raikiri, cut open a path!
(thunder booming)
(alarmed shouting)
Thank you....
I think....
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
And make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
Any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
The power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(children laughing)
There's no sign of
the fugitives in Sector B.
That should do the trick.
Nobody will find you now.
Wait!
This place is crawling
with Sector Security.
Their eyes are...
everywhere.
Sorry, I thought
we were safe.
No, once you would have been,
but now the Topsiders
are making sure Sector Security
is down here 24/7.
If I had a card for every time
Sector Security
treated me fairly,
I'd have no cards.
And then they'd fine me
for having no cards!
Yugo!
I totally get why Sector
Security and the Topsiders
make you angry,
but you and this world
have a much bigger problem‐‐
the Fusion Dimension.
And the only way
you're going to defeat them
is if you all work together.
Anyone meet a kid
named Yuya!?
Anyone...?
'Bout yay tall...
I don't even
have one bar?
I guess my calling plan doesn't
have coverage in this dimension.
Yo, Dennis!
Little help please?
Yes, sir!
That sun has sunburn written
all over it.
Ta‐da!
(boy)
Did y' see that, Dad!?
Hey! That trick was amazing!
Abraca‐thank you!
Look Dad, I just made
your money disappear.
(Dennis, VO)
I just got
a million dollar idea!
I'm impressed, pal.
I saw how you stood up
t' those Sector Security goons
t' protect the kid.
Any duelist who helps
the helpless is okay by me!
You definitely
got some guts!
Sorry, but, uh,
who are you?
Welcome back, Crow!
'Sup, Amanda!
Where's Frankie
and Terron?
In New Domino.
They wanted t' help you scrounge
up more supplies for a change.
Seriously?
Uh...
You coming in or what?
(Crow)
You thought we wouldn't be able
to eat tonight, well now we can!
Awesome!
Tuna feast sandwiches coming up!
You four wanna join us
for some chow?
Of course they do!
Hmm.
Huh?
I haven't seen
you guys before.
Where y' from?
Well, actually‐‐
Thanks for saving
our bacon!
Ok...
I would've taken control
of the situation, of course,
but I guess leapfrogging across
dimensions wore me out!
Uh, you leapfrogged
from where?
Paradise City.
I'm Sylvio Sawatari and back
in the Standard Dimension
I'm a dueling superstar.
And this is Yuya Sakaki,
my personal assistant.
What?!
And this li'l firecracker
here is Celina.
She comes from a whole
different dimension.
Oh, yeah?
Looks like when
I picked up the tuna,
I brought a few nuts along, too.
Look I know it's hard
to believe,
but we traveled to your
dimension to find duelists
who can help us
save the galaxy.
Sure, sure.
Look I can't wrap my head
around your particular
brand of "crazy",
but you guys seem okay to me.
Anyway, if y' need
a place to crash...
you're welcome t' stay.
Your attention, please...
Our show is ready
to begin!
One... two...
three!
(gasping)
Whoa!
Look!
C'mon, Terron.
We don't have
time for this.
You ought to be
ashamed o' yourself!
You'd rather make yourself
rich than find Yuya!
Who needs to find Yuya?
We do!
All we have to do is
attract lots of attention
and Yuya and the others
will findus.
You really think
that could work?
I have no idea...
but it's worth a try!
Please listen to me!
The future of your
entire world is at stake!
There's an interdimensional
war raging...
Must be some kind o'
performance art.
Then she needs
better material.
It's only a matter of time
till Obelisk Force
attacks your dimension.
Please listen.
This is serious!
You have to believe me!
When they attack,
they can turn you
into a card just like them!
(laughing)
I knew this would be
a tough sell...
but it's starting to look
downright impossible.
What's so funny?
Is the end of the world really
that hysterical to you?
I mean, I've travelled
to other dimensions
and seen the aftermath.
Then prove it and hop
to another dimension right now!
Honey, please!
Don't encourage them!
(hecklers laughing)
Fine!
You want proof!?
Then I'll be more than happy
to give it to you wise guy!
What're we
stopping here for?
For an opportunity.
Now Clear Wing Synchro Dragon...
put these skeptics to shame
and send me away...
show them your true powers...
(male heckler)
Nice try....
You showed us...
Is your dragon invisible?
No it's not invisible!
(man #2)
Look, bub, quit harassing my
customers with your nonsense.
Maybe you'd like to share your
story with Sector Security!
(girl)
Hey, that's our lunch!
Come back here,
y' little crooks!
Now's our chance!
Come on!
And don't come back!
(laughing)
Crow's gonna be
so proud of us!
Hey, Crow!
You here!?
Yeah! What've you slackers
been up to?
Ta‐da!
Where'd you get
this stuff?
Oh, from a café.
Yeah, we ordered
"take out"!
What made you think it was okay
t' start stealing!?
'Cause...
We just wanted t' pull
our own weight.
And what good
will that do you
if it lands you both
in The Facility?
Those coppers mentioned
that place, what is it?
It's a place
you never wanna visit.
Let's just say it makes doin'
hard time look easy!
It's like a home away from home
for us Commons.
See, there are two classes
of people in this city‐‐
you're either a Topsider
or a Common.
Topsiders live in luxury
and have everything
they could possibly need...
while us Commons are forced
t' live in their shadows.
We're always
struggling to survive,
so we live off whatever
we can scrape up.
If you even try to question
the way things are run,
Sector Security
won't think twice
about throwing you
into The Facility,
and marking you so that everyone
knows you paid a visit there.
That's terrible.
Yeah, but for right now
it is what it is.
The important thing now
is to survive.
That means we have
t' stick together
and help each other
any way we can,
but that doesn't
mean you should steal!
Hey, how'd you two
get here so fast?
(Terron)
And have time to change
your outfits and hairdos?
Terron, what're you
talking about?
Don't interrupt!
Weren't you two
like just at the café?
They must have
seen Zuzu.
Yeah!
And the one who
looks like me musta been Yugo.
This café,
where is it?
Guys, what is going on?
They saw our friends
and we have t' find them.
Sector Security has you four
on their radar now.
If you go wandering into
the city, they'll find you!
So you stay here.
I'll track 'em down.
Howdy‐doo,
all you city slickers!
It's Melissa Trail here!
And, as usual,
I'm here t' round up
all the latest trends thatare
stampedin' our metropolis!
Like the young magic‐slinger
who's mesmerizin' crowds
in this here
Midway Park!
Let's take a gander!
Time to raise the curtain
on the next show, Gongster!
We don't have a curtain
and Gong's leavin' this park
t' search for Yuya!
But, we're attracting
TV coverage!
If we put on a great show,
I'm sure Yuya will see us on TV!
And that's a chance
we can't pass up.
That'd only be true
if we were dueling.
All right then.
So let's duel.
What!?
I bet all the kids
in this crowd would love
to see a superhero duel!
You pullin'
my pompadour?
I'll play the dashing hero and
you'll be the grumpy bad guy.
Gong's no grump!
(grumbling)
Wait! Gong didn't accept!
Too late!
I activate the Action Field,
Crossover!
Gong's gonna make you
regret this!
Let's duel!
(robotic voice)
Action Cards dispersed...
But first,
I gotta make you dress
the part of a supervillain!
I think the spell Hot Surprise
should do the trick!
It lets me summon a Fire
Attribute Monster to your field
to set you ablaze
with badness!
Kids, look at his evil sidekick,
Performage Plushfire,
with its whistle
of infinite calamity!
Gong's gonna crush you
for ruin'...
You're really getting
into the role!
Stay back, please!
Gong the Goon
is a ruthless brute!
Don't worry though,
'cause I can extinguish
the threat with
a monster card...
namely, Performage Wind Drainer!
(Melissa Trail)
Our performin' buckaroos
have just pulled a switcheroo,
'cause rather than puttin' on
a magic show,
they've done decided t' stage
a rip‐roarin' card duel!
Now... I, Dennis the Defender,
will protect this park...
from my evil archenemy!
I activate the spell
Performance Mage Hurricane!
It blows my spell card
back to my hand!
(wind blowing)
And now that I've snatched back
Hot Surprise,
Performage Plushfire is
destroyed and you,
Gong the Goon, take 400 points
of devastating damage!
Your evil schemes
are extinguished!
You poor pathetic excuse
for a duelist!
Dennis the Defender just gave
that fire‐slinger
a good thumpin'!
And saved us from
Gong the Goon!
That's what us
superheroes are for!
(Gong)
Cut it out!
Huh?
The only thing super
about you...
is how super sorry you'll be
when Gong's through with you!
But, Gong...
You're more interested
in hoggin' the spotlight
than findin' our friend!
Gong's gonna knock
some sense into you!
You can't be serious.
Gong is!
When the dust settles,
your showboatin' days
are gonna be
permanently over!
Now Listen t' Gong, y'all!
That clown is no hero!
He tried t' make
Gong look bad,
but Dennis there
is the real wrongdoer!
You mean...
he tricked us?
Yeah, but Gong'll slam that
fraud like a tidal wave!
(grunting)
(excited chattering)
Well, if it makes
'em happy...
(angry snorting)
(wicked laughing)
So you exposed my plot!
I am actually the notorious
uber‐villain
Dennis the Destroyer!
But it's already too late,
Super Gong!
You and your foolish fans...
are all doomed!
You're through!
Dennis the Destroyer
thinks not!
Since I have Performage Wind
Drainer my Mage's Fortress
prevents you from attacking me,
you super zero!
Aww man!
(sinister chuckle)
I am far more powerful
than you imagine!
You have no hope
of prevailing!
(shouting)
Woo, that's one doozy
of a draw!
I'm sending this
Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns
straight t' the graveyard...
so I can summon
the Tuner Monster...
Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter!
And it'll be joined by
Superheavy Samurai Scales!
And when Gong summons
Superheavy Samurai Scales,
Gong can summon
a Superheavy Samurai
from his graveyard.
Come on back,
Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns!
I tune Superheavy
Samurai Trumpeter
with Superheavy Samurai Scales!
Once Gong completes this move,
you're going to wish you
never tricked Gong
into duelin' ya!
Gong Synchro Summons!
Put this double‐dealin'
conman on the ropes,
Superheavy Samurai
Ogre Shutendoji!
Go get 'im, Gong!
With pleasure!
Gong's got some real bad news
for you, Macfield,
'cause my Ogre's
special ability
knocks out all your spell
and trap cards!
Curses!
But when my Mage's Fortress
is destroyed,
I get to draw one card.
Yeah?
Well, since Gong summoned
a Superheavy Synchro monster,
Gong can summon
Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw!
Soulhorns' special
ability activates!
Then I equip Soulclaw
on to Shutendoji!
Then Soulclaw's
special ability activates!
Giving my Ogre
a helping hand by boosting
its attack and defense
points by 500!
And Gong's Ogre can use
its defense points
to attack while
it's in defense mode!
So my Ogre's gonna blow
Wind Drainer away!
(yelping)
Gong's got more where
that came from!
Thanks t' Superheavy Soulhorns,
my Ogre can attack a second time
when there's no traps or spells
in Gong's graveyard.
This time, it's got you
in its sights McField!
(screaming)
(Melissa Trail)
Pa‐how‐‐ Pull out
the maple syrup,
'cause Super Gong just
flap‐jacked that varmint!
You may have hindered my plans,
Super Gong...
But I shall prevail!
I'll put my notorious
Pendulum Scale into motion
using two of my hench‐monsters,
Performage Mirror Conductor
and Performage Fire Dancer!
I can summon a slew
of menacing monsters
between Levels 4
and 5 simultaneously!
Now, behold the savage power
of my Pendulum Summon!
I call upon
Performage Plushfire...
And Wind Drainer!
What in the world is
a Pendulum Summon?
I thought I was here
reporting on a magic show‐‐
but the tricks on me!
I can't believe we just saw a
brand new summoning method
called Penudulum!
It has happened again.
This is a real‐life battle...
So Pendulum Summoning can
also bring back monsters
that were destroyed.
Interesting‐‐ I'm learning more
and more.
It appears I need to learn
a few new moves myself.
Super Gong... when you lose
I'm gonna take your deck
and put it
right where it belongs...
and that's in the trash!
Boo you!
You're mean!
Of course I'm mean,
I'm the bad guy!
And bad guys do
whatever it takes to win!
Wind Drainer will use
its special ability
to drain its own level!
Since my monster minions
are now the same Level,
I can build...
the Overlay Network!
Now for my next trick,
here's a summon you probably
have never seen before!
I Xyz Summon!
(chuckling)
Prepare to face
the acrobatic atrocities
of my Rank 4 Performapal
Trapeze Magician!
Sweetness!
I Xyz Summon!
(chuckling)
Prepare to face
the acrobatic atrocities
of my Rank 4
Performapal Trapeze Magician!
A Rank?
What is a Rank?
Don't ask me how,
but Dennis just pulled
a ten‐gallon surprise out of
a two‐gallon hat!
He rounded up another
summoning method called Xyz
that I've never heard of!
I activate Mirror Conductor's
Pendulum Ability!
Your Shutendoji's attack
and defense points become
the same amount, except it'll be
the lower of the two.
So since your monster has
1000 attack points,
its defense points
also fall to 1000!
Ha! How do you like that,
Super Gong!?
Gong don't!
Plus, I'll activate Fire
Dancer's special ability,
which lets Trapeze Magician
deal damage even if
it attacks a monster
in defense mode!
I activate Trapeze Magician's,
special ability!
By using one of its
Overlay Units it can
attack you twice
in a single turn!
Now sway this way
and do my bidding!
Take down that Ogre!
Thanks to Gong's Soulclaw,
it stops Gong's Ogre
from being destroyed.
Yeah, but you still
take damage,
thanks to Fire Dancer's
special ability!
(cringing)
Save yourself from further
humiliation and surrender now.
Gong don't think so.
Then ready yourself for
a second dose of damage!
Trapeze Magician,
take another swinging swat
at Superheavy Samurai
Ogre Shutendoji!
(grunting)
(laughing)
You must enjoy
taking damage,
because you're
very good at it!
Boo!
Stop 'im, Super Gong!
Yeah, fight back!
(chuckling)
Resistance is futile!
(Melissa Trail)
Super Gong took a mighty big
whuppin' that round,
but he's still standin'!
That feller's quick on
the drawan' looks like
he's still got
plenty o' fight!
You may think this duel
is a goof, Dennis,
but I'm serious!
(grunting)
Gong ain't
goin' down that easy.
I unequip Soulhorns
to summon it on my field
in defense mode.
Like that move's
supposed to scare me!
I activate Mirror Conductor's
Pendulum ability
once again!
Since Soulhorns
has 0 attack points,
its defense points
become 0 as well!
Gong also unequips Soulclaw
to summon it
in defense mode!
Now Gong's got three
Superheavy Samurais
on Gong's field.
Well, since Soulclaw's attack
and defense points are the same,
Mirror Conductor's
ability won't work,
but I'm not worried.
Since I unequipped Soulclaw,
Superheavy Samurai
Ogre Shutendoji's defense points
drop by 500.
I summon...
the Tuner Monster,
Superheavy Samurai Drum!
My Superheavy Samurai Drum
tunes Superheavy Samurai Ogre
Shutendoji, Soulclaw
and Soulhorns!
By tuning
these four Samurais,
Gong'll create a super samurai
to add to Gong's team!
Gong Synchro Summons!
Superheavy Samurai Warlord
Susanowo is gonna serve you up
a heapin' helpin'
of just desserts!
Thanks anyway,
but villains need
to watch their waist,
Super Gong!
Mirror Conductor drops your
Susanowo's defense points
to 2400!
You messed with me, now I'm
gonna mess with you!
Susanowo let's Gong pay
500 life points to use a spell
in your graveyard!
Now Gong'll activate
Performance Mage Hurricane
which blows your Pendulum
monsters back to your hand.
Now that
Mirror Conductor's gone,
Susanowo's defense points
return t' normal.
Susanowo can attack
while in defense mode!
Susanowo take out
Trapeze Magician!
Swinging Sword Strike!
Curse you, Super Gong!
He did it!
Woo! Perty impressive!
Thanks t' Super Gong,
peace has been restored
to our fair city!
This is Melissa Trail
signin' off!
We're a smash hit!
You said Yuya would watch
the show and find us,
but there's no Yuya around,
you liar.
You just used me
to make a buck.
You really are
a super villain.
Relax, Gong‐ster!
It's only a matter of‐‐
(man #3)
That was sweet!
If talent were a crime, you'd be
at the Facility doing time.
Thanks.
I guess?
I'm Lucas Swank, duel promoter,
extradaordinaire, mon frere!
I turn duelists
like you into megastars!
(grunting)
Stick with me and soon fame
and fortune will be
ours for the taking.
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪